Names:
utlns:

Answer the questions below, and submit your answers under the assignment
"gerp Design Checkoff" on Gradescope. You must sign up for a design checkoff
slot with a TA to discuss your provided answers (see spec for sign up link).
Make sure to submit this file *prior* to your design checkoff.

For each question, give as much detail as you feel is necessary.

1. What classes and structs will you implement for your program? For each class,
   provide a list of public functions of that class; for each struct, provide a
   list of member variables.

Answer: We will be implementing a class for the index and structs for both the
        key0value pair of the word and it's associated line numbers and 
        one for storing the lines to avoid taking too much space.

        The public functions for the class would include searching for a word
        and adding a updating the key-value pair in the index.
        For the key-value pair struct: It would have a public function 

        The class would have variables:
        hash table for storing, size of the table, and the number we need to
        reach before increasing the size of the table.

        The key-value pair struct would contain: the key and the list of the
        associated lines.

        While the struct for storing the lines would be a vector for storing
        the lines
        
2. Describe the index that you will build for querying. What specific data
   structures will you use to build this index? *Important*: Bring an
   accompanying drawing of your index structure when you come to your checkoff.

Answer: We would be using hash tables for the index and will be querying with
        hash functions

3. To use your index, you will use something for lookup (the key) and you will
   get some associated data back (the value). What are the C++ *types* of your
   index's key and value? Examples of valid types: int, string,
   vector<string>, vector<list<string>>; you may also define custom types using
   structs/classes, e.g., Animal and vector<Animal> are valid types if you
   define a struct/class named Animal. If your key/value types involve custom
   classes/structs, they should be included in your answer to question #1.
                
Answer:

   Key type: string
   Value type: vector<string>        

4. Explain what a collision is versus having multiple lines associated with 
   a particular word. Write (and/or draw) out an example of when a 
   collision occurs. Write (and/or draw) out an example of when multiple 
   lines associated with a single word. 

Answer: collision is when multiple words can fit into the same position in 
        the hash table. While the multiple lines for a word are not considered
        collisions.
        Example: if hash function is length of word, "back" and "fact" would
        collide since the both have 4 letters
        And if "back" is on line 2 and line 46 it has multiple lines associated with it

5. What do you expect the *space* complexity of your index will be? How many
   times will a single line be stored according to your data structures?

Answer: O(n) for storing each line in directory
        O(w) for each word in the directory
        O(w*n) I beleive for each time a word is in a line
        So it should be O(w*n)

6. What is the time complexity of *building* your index? If you refer to some
   variable, be sure to specify what the variable refers to, e.g., in "O(n)",
   state explicitly what "n" is.

Answer: O(n) for checking for the word depending on the hash function
                
7. What is the time complexity of *using* your index for lookup? As above,
   be specific about variables you use.

Answer:

8. How will you handle case-sensitive search?
   What is the time complexity (should be close to O(1))?

Answer:

9. How will you handle case-insensitive search?
   What is the time complexity (should be close to O(1))?

Answer:

10. How are you handling duplicate words within a line? Consider these two example 
   lines: 

      (i) the cat and the dog 
      (ii) the cat and THE dog 

   If a user does a case sensitive query on line (i) it should report 'the' only 
   once by showing the line only once in the output. How will you do this? 

   If a user does a case insensitive query on line (ii) it should report 'the' 
   only once by showing the line only once in the output. How will you do this? 

Answer:

11. How will you test your implementation and what specific evidence of testing
    will you submit?

Answer:

12. What is your schedule for completing this assignment? Include specific dates
    and the tasks that you would like to accomplish by each date. Do not forget
    testing!

Answer: 